# Game Recaps
## Session 1
We are in the city of Sharn. The characters individually are summoned to Lyrander Tower on the Upper Central Plateau by Guard **Sergeant Germaine Vilroy** and given the mission to meet a warforged named **Coal** in a warforged bar called the Cog Carnival.  
When the characters go to meet him Coal is spooked by the party and makes a run for it. When the party follows they find that Coal has been jumped by a **Daask** hit squad. After defeating the goons Coal tells the party about how his friend Razor was hired by **Alden d'Orien** for a secret mission. After a few weeks Razor told Coal the job was harder than expected. Now Razor is dead. The party brings Coal back to the Sergeant who asks the party to investigate what's going on with d'Orien.

The party travels to the **Mythral Tower** section of the cite to meet with **Alden d'Orien** and his trusted Kalashtar assistant **Vashtai** at his estate. He tells the party his son **Caden** was kidnapped. A Half-Ogre named **Garra** working for the **Daask** tells Alden that if he ever wants to see his son alive again he needs to hire and send Warforged to a dig site in the under city and use the resources of House Orien to move whatever they dig up. Alden asks the party to save his son. When they agree he points them to a lift that will take them down.  
When the party gets to the dig site Eltri goes to free Caden while the rest of the party fight off the goblin and hobgoblin guards. Despite some friendly fire from Kentucky the party kills the guards, rescues Caden, and frees the Warforged workers.  
They return to Alden's estate and reunite father and son. Alden offers the hospitality of his house and asks the party to track down Garra and stop their evil plans.
## Session 2
The next morning the party woke and Alden fills them in on the location of Garra (Terminus transportation tower) and offers the party the help of Oblex to help take her down. As they left the tower Vilroy (or someone who looks like Vilroy) pulls up in a skycoach offering them a ride. While they are flying along the party sees they are being trailed by 5 gnolls on floating disks. At the same time the party notices that "Vilroy" is actually a changeling. In the ensuing battle the changeling is knocked out and the skycoach propulsion crystal is damaged. After defeating the gnolls the party works out how to control the coach's controls, other than propulsion. As they approach the tower Tuck mistakenly breaks the propulsion crystal but they manage to dock anyway. Once safely on docked they search the changeling and find a note that says to take the party to Terminus to be ambushed. Olga uses her disguise kit and the armor from the changeling to make Eltri look like Valroy.  
The party heads down a level in the tower and break into an innocent magewright's apartment. There they find out that there were loud bangs and screaming from the apartment next door. Eltri fixes the magewright's door and they break into the apartment next door. When they enter they find that the room is trashed. When some of the party sits on the couch they get jumped by a bunch of kenkus. During the ensuing battle Olga ends up passing a dagger back and forth with one of the kenku before whipping themselves in the ass, which causes another kenku to become distracted enough to stab itself in the leg. The party quickly finishes off the rest of them.
## Session 3
In the next room the party hears burning and cursing in gnoll. They burst through the room to find a gnoll burning documents and **Valroy** and a Tabaxi named Grimm tied up. They defeat the gnoll and free the captives. Oblix takes Valroy back to the watch house and Grimm joins the party. Among the documents the gnoll was burning was a receipt for a stateroom on the lightning rail leaving shortly.  
The party, after taking out some bandits, manage to board the train, find and defeat Garra and her sprite sidekick Rot. In the stateroom they find two tomes of artificer schema. When the party gets to the next stop, First Tower, they are met by guards who were summoned by the conductors on the rail. They give the party a reward of gold and ask for the documents Garra was transporting. Tuck hands over one of the books of schema, while concealing the other in their pack.
## Sessions 4 & 5
The party returns to the city of Sharn. They make their way to Vilroy (Grimm slips away somewhere along the way) who suggests they take the schema to a non-guild, non-house Cannith, artificer to find out what they are and why Garra wanted them so badly.  
The party makes its way to the lower wards and finds the artificers shop belonging to the gnomish couple Altura and Normar. Upon entering they notice that Altura is acting very weird. When they press her the party gets jumped by a bunch of hobgoblins, a spectator, and a mind flayer. Normar ended up being killed by the mind flayer who is then practically bisected by Krion (causing cursing to come from the narrator). On the mind flayer's body they find a schema that Altura explains the instructions on how to build a portal to Khyber and is what it was trying to force the artificers to make. She then tells them that the book of schema are for war machines and weapons. As they leave the workshop they find Grimm trailing them.  
They then return Vilroy (who another guard calls the lunatic) who councils them to take what they've learned and the schema to the GateKeeper druids in the Shadow Marches to see if they can shed some light on what is going on.
## Session 6
The party decides to get to the Shadow Marches via sea so they book passage on a House Lyrandar Elemental Galleon, paying 60gp each for the passage (other than Olga who finds a way to "negotiate" half price). The ship makes it across Manta and Azure Bays before being attacked by a Dragon Turtle off Balinor's Sorrow peninsula who was enraged because the galleon uses a bound elemental for propulsion. The dragon turtle sinks the ship and kills the crew but the party manages to escape on lifeboats and lands on the peninsula.  
